docs: add vSR example references (#860)
agentgateway/website: assets/agw-docs/pages/integrations/vllm-semantic-router.md

Reviewer: The steps in "how the integration works" above say that agentgateway forwards request to the workload. But if it works differently with semantic caching, maybe we say that somewhere?

```suggestion
`PreRouting` is important when the vSR decision changes the model or adds a header that an HTTPRoute uses for matching. It makes the result available before agentgateway evaluates the route.

Semantic caching: When an example attaches a semantic cache, vSR can return a cached completion as an immediate response. In that case, agentgateway returns the response to the client and does not call the backend."
```

{{< cards >}}
{{< card link="https://vllm-sr.ai/docs/installation/k8s/agentgateway/" title="Deploy vSR with agentgateway" icon="external-link" description="Follow the vSR project guide to deploy the components on Kubernetes and route to vLLM-compatible inference workloads.">}}
{{< card link="https://github.com/agentgateway/agentgateway/tree/main/examples/llm-semantic-routing/k8s/cost-based" title="Evaluate cost-based routing" icon="external-link" description="Select between hosted model tiers and measure the result with a model cost catalog and OpenTelemetry.">}}
{{< card link="https://github.com/agentgateway/agentgateway/tree/main/examples/llm-semantic-routing/k8s/tier-aware" title="Configure tier-aware routing" icon="external-link" description="Select separate vSR configurations and model pools for authenticated Basic, Standard, and Pro callers.">}}

> {{< card link="https://github.com/agentgateway/agentgateway/pull/2883" title="Preview semantic caching" icon="external-link" description="Review the proposed Redis-backed example for reusing responses to semantically equivalent requests.">}}

Reviewer: Since this PR merged, maybe link to the examples directory on main instead.

Also, the word "proposed"...is this just a proposal or does it work now? maybe just remove the word
```suggestion
{{< card link="https://github.com/agentgateway/agentgateway/tree/main/examples/llm-semantic-routing/k8s/semantic-cache" title="Preview semantic caching" icon="external-link" description="Review the Redis-backed example for reusing responses to semantically equivalent requests.">}}
```
